hello all together today there is that
unboxing video from a camera nikon
d5100 with the lens pack feast
by the way, not four compact book
bad is a guarantee card
digital compact a compact good cd
times and once even a
Now we go over to the actual one
Although the camera so here's what
in there are cables and so on we look
same time curt freeman eyepiece cover
a part of the charger
cable again cable and is the second
Part of the charger and most important of
chicken the call
The cable stuff tilted to the side
nikon d5100 screen yes too to that
What we liked about the camera
that the detail but the
video will be available later
here the lens itself nice too
I have to clean up some of them
I search neatly
charges standard lens of nikon 18 mm
to see 55 so much nice
we pack times the camera you have to
Carefully do not do anything with it
broken makes no start coming in and
the camera 3 megapixel and a good one
his camera
turn on your car
what else to develop and look like this
the camera off so it feels good in
the hand on is not that hard
it's not that easy here live
mos so partially stored used
I already prepared one here
here on the other side, you open it
under that is no longer there so test.foto
also goes straight from the live mode
I see everything here I am
can go there to make it
lightning
so that was just the unboxing and
a more detailed video will stop that
then give later
Three just ask below comments
Write and I would stop myself
a like or an abo would be happy because
I would continue to motivate the
to make videos and would be happy
Okay then until next time until I
then make a detailed video